the company has decided to make a change
I've given 16 years of my life to this
company the rest of the higher-ups
wanted you to have this it's just about
covering
I'll give you a ten bucks to that track
right there are you a little young to be
drinking beers aren't you a little old
to be drinking that slippery there hi
are you in there if you are can this
happen another day so you're getting rid
of your old stuff I got fired for my job
and my wife left me if I'm honest I saw
this coming a mile away
thanks for warning me
I've gotten some complaints about
someone living on their lawn
this is my corner I'm not leaving my
stuff city of Arcadia allows the
property owner to hold a yard sale for
no more than five consecutive days this
buys you three days I was thinking might
come work for me
stay here we sell a couple things what
are you offering give you bathroom and
cigarette breaks as required by state
law I don't smoke good great you know
you can't live like this one it's not
normal
how much produce you won't buy that 50
cents
I'll give you 25 cents yeah I just can't
do that what about these I think I want
to hold on to those they're actually
pretty valuable you can put them in that
same drawer okay so on look at him once
you get rid of all that stuff you're
gonna feel great
just wanted to know I'm selling all my
stuff feels pretty good
are we friends I guess all the other
kids make jokes they say you're so fat
you got shocks on your toilet seat
that's mean
you have a good heart necklace that
doesn't change much of you had to drink
in my opinion not enough you're gonna
have to come with me I want to learn to
play baseball
why don't we want to put soccer black
people don't play soccer whole
continents black people play soccer
you